Monitors section home page (#4835)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/_index.md

      text: "Monitoring 101: Alerting on what matters"
    - link: "/api/#monitors"
      tag: "Documentation"
      text: "Datadog Monitors API"
---

Monitoring all of your infrastructure in one place wouldn't be complete without the ability to know when critical changes are occurring. Datadog gives you the ability to create monitors that actively check metrics, integration availability, network endpoints, and more.

## Overview

{{< whatsnext desc="This section includes the following topics:">}}
    {{< nextlink href="/monitors/monitor_types" >}}<u>Monitor Types</u>: Create, edit, or audit your monitors for metrics, integrations, tracing, logs, and more.{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/monitors/manage_monitor" >}}<u>Manage Monitor</u>: See all your monitors in one place. Search, delete, mute, resolve, or edit service tags for selected monitors in bulk.{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/monitors/monitor_status" >}}<u>Monitor Status</u>: See the status of a specific monitor status over time.{{< /nextlink >}}
    {{< nextlink href="/monitors/check_summary" >}}<u>Check Summary</u>: See the status of all your integration checks in one place.{{< /nextlink >}}

>     {{< nextlink href="/monitors/notifications" >}}<u>Notifications</u>: Once a monitor is created, you are notified when its conditions are met. You can also notify team members by email, 3rd party services (e.g. Pagerduty), or other custom endpoints with Webhooks.{{< /nextlink >}}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    {{< nextlink href="/monitors/notifications" >}}<u>Notifications</u>: Once a monitor is created, you are notified when its conditions are met. You can also notify team members by email, 3rd party services (like Pagerduty), or other custom endpoints with Webhooks.{{< /nextlink >}}
```
